CNV#25649: Added networking overview (#69551)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-networking-glossary.adoc

[id="virt-networking-glossary_{context}"]
= {VirtProductName} networking glossary

The following terms are used throughout {VirtProductName} documentation:

Container Network Interface (CNI):: A link:https://www.cncf.io/[Cloud Native Computing Foundation]
project, focused on container network connectivity.
{VirtProductName} uses CNI plugins to build upon the basic Kubernetes networking functionality.

Multus:: A "meta" CNI plugin that allows multiple CNIs to exist so that a pod or virtual machine can use the interfaces it needs.

Custom resource definition (CRD):: A link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/[Kubernetes]
API resource that allows you to define custom resources, or an object defined by using the CRD API resource.

Network attachment definition (NAD):: A CRD introduced by the Multus project that allows you to attach pods, virtual machines, and virtual machine instances to one or more networks.

> Node network configuration policy (NNCP):: A description of the requested network configuration on nodes.
> You update the node network configuration, including adding and removing interfaces, by applying a `NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy` manifest to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node network configuration policy (NNCP):: A CRD introduced by the nmstate project, describing the requested network configuration on nodes.
You update the node network configuration, including adding and removing interfaces, by applying a `NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy` manifest to the cluster.
```
